- Gabriel Gladstone
- zwy7ce
- I have taken the following courses that will enable me to succeed in this course:
    SDE1 & AdvSDE
    CSO1 & CSO2 
    Intro to Embedded Computer Systems
    ECE FUN Series
    AI Hardware
    Digital Logic Design
  These course have exposed me to the following programmings languages and technologies relevant to this course:
    Java, C, Python, Assembly, C++
    MSP432, Arduino, AD2
  I have worked on some projects with these languages and technologies:
    • In Intro to Engineering I created a wireless detection system for waste collection using an 
      Arduino IOT microcontroller and Arduino products to alert staff where and when a trash can is full on campus. 
    • In Intro to Embedded Computer Systems I created a volume controller with an LCD screen and MSP432.
    • In AI HW I worked on a few projects with the Brainchip AKD1000-powered Mini PCIe board for tiny ML applications.

    Overall my background from courses and projects has exposed me to topics such as computer architecture, operating systems,
    memory management, compiling, data structures and more that will help me succeed in this course.
- As a Computer Engineer I am very interested in embedded systems because it is an interesting intersection of hardware 
    and software. I want to work in embedded systems, espesially on cyber physical systems in areas like IOT or smary cities
    because I believe these embedded systems will have a large impact on people's lives. I really like how cyber physical 
    systems (CPS) impact the real world whether that be autonomous vehicles or robotic surgery, CPS have real impact. I hope
    to learn the basics of RTOS and develop the skills necessary to begin taking on CPS projects. I hope to learn about the
    inner workings of an embedded system so I can focus on optimizing the control flow and reliability in a cyber physical 
    process. I have some experience with embedded systems, but I hope to develop more foundational knowledge.   